README.md, before:

![Logo](admin/timeandweather.png)
ioBroker.vis-timeandweather
============

![Number of Installations](http://iobroker.live/badges/vis-timeandweather-installed.svg) ![Number of Installations](http://iobroker.live/badges/vis-timeandweather-stable.svg) [![NPM version](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/iobroker.vis-timeandweather.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/iobroker.vis-timeandweather)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/iobroker.vis-timeandweather.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/iobroker.vis-timeandweather)

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/iobroker.vis-timeandweather.png?downloads=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/iobroker.vis-timeandweather/)


timeandweather - Time and weather widgets for ioBroker.vis.

Used following packages:
- **CoolClock** http://randomibis.com/coolclock/ by Simon Baird (MIT) 
  https://github.com/simonbaird/CoolClock/
- **jDigiClock** http://www.radoslavdimov.com/jquery-plugins/jquery-plugin-digiclock/ by Radoslav Dimov (MIT & GPL)
- **zWeatherFeed** http://www.zazar.net/developers/jquery/zweatherfeed/ Zazar Ltd (MIT)
- **Segment display** http://www.3quarks.com/en/SegmentDisplay (CC-3.0)
- **flipclock** http://flipclockjs.com/ (MIT)
  https://github.com/objectivehtml/FlipClock


![Example](img/widgets.png)

## Changelog
### 1.1.7 (2017-01-05)
- (bluefox) add update interval for weather

### 1.1.6 (2016-07-13)
- (bluefox) support of vis APP

### 1.1.4 (2016-06-28)
- (jens-maus) improved german translation of weather terms

### 1.1.3 (2016-06-23)
- (bluefox) enable widgets for https too

### 1.1.2 (2016-06-02)
- (bluefox) add weather custom widget

### 1.1.1 (2016-05-31)
- (bluefox) fix the slide in htc weather

### 1.1.0 (2016-04-16)
- (bluefox) add city name to display

### 0.1.0 (2016-02-10)
- (bluefox) fix typo with Dienstag=>Februar

### 0.0.1 (2015-10-04)
- (bluefox) initial checkin

## License
 Copyright (c) 2013-2016 bluefox https://github.com/GermanBluefox
 MIT

Commit message:

* (HeadCrash78) Fixed the icon display in custom weather forecast * (bluefox) Refactoring of build process done

README.md, after:

![Logo](admin/timeandweather.png)
# ioBroker.vis-timeandweather

![Number of Installations](http://iobroker.live/badges/vis-timeandweather-installed.svg) ![Number of Installations](http://iobroker.live/badges/vis-timeandweather-stable.svg) [![NPM version](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/iobroker.vis-timeandweather.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/iobroker.vis-timeandweather)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/iobroker.vis-timeandweather.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/iobroker.vis-timeandweather)

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/iobroker.vis-timeandweather.png?downloads=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/iobroker.vis-timeandweather/)

timeandweather - Time and weather widgets for ioBroker.vis.

Used following packages:
- **CoolClock** http://randomibis.com/coolclock/ by Simon Baird (MIT) 
  https://github.com/simonbaird/CoolClock/
- **jDigiClock** http://www.radoslavdimov.com/jquery-plugins/jquery-plugin-digiclock/ by Radoslav Dimov (MIT & GPL)
- **zWeatherFeed** http://www.zazar.net/developers/jquery/zweatherfeed/ Zazar Ltd (MIT)
- **Segment display** http://www.3quarks.com/en/SegmentDisplay (CC-3.0)
- **flipclock** http://flipclockjs.com/ (MIT)
  https://github.com/objectivehtml/FlipClock

![Example](img/widgets.png)

<!--
	Placeholder for the next version (at the beginning of the line):
	### **WORK IN PROGRESS**
-->

## Changelog
### **WORK IN PROGRESS**
* (HeadCrash78) Fixed the icon display in custom weather forecast
* (bluefox) Refactoring of build process done

### 1.1.7 (2017-01-05)
* (bluefox) add update interval for weather

### 1.1.6 (2016-07-13)
* (bluefox) support of vis APP

### 1.1.4 (2016-06-28)
* (jens-maus) improved german translation of weather terms

### 1.1.3 (2016-06-23)
* (bluefox) enable widgets for https too

### 1.1.2 (2016-06-02)
* (bluefox) add weather custom widget

### 1.1.1 (2016-05-31)
* (bluefox) fix the slide in htc weather

### 1.1.0 (2016-04-16)
* (bluefox) add city name to display

### 0.1.0 (2016-02-10)
* (bluefox) fix typo with Dienstag=>Februar

### 0.0.1 (2015-10-04)
* (bluefox) initial checkin

## License
 Copyright (c) 2013-2022 bluefox https://github.com/GermanBluefox
 MIT
